There's the exit!
That shortened my lifespan!
But I saved us some time, didn't I?
Sheesh.
Where are the leaders holding their conference?
Let's see.
Um...
Beyond that mountain, to the northwest.
And how much time's left?
Twenty minutes.
Please let us make it.
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
Seeking but a miracle,
kiseki dake wo motome
I wander in the unrelenting darkness
kienai yami wo samayou
If I remain here, I'll only be trapped in the present.
doko ni ireba nidoto mirai miru koto dekinai
The moon beckons again tonight,
koyoi mo tsuki ga sasotte
and while I still can't voice my feelings,
mada kotoba dasenai kedo
I continue to scream inside my heart.
kokoro no naka sakebitsuzuketa
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
If only I could have become a little bit stronger,
ato honno sukoshi dake tsuyoku nareta nara
I would have flown far above these skies
me no mae ni aru kono sora koete yuku kara
and reached out to the future beyond here.
kono saki ni aru mirai ni te wo nobasu kara
I don't know if we can get there
before the Salamanders.
Yeah.
And even if we warn them in time, it's likely
that only the leaders would be able to escape.
Or worse, we could all die together.
Players in range!
A large group of sixty-eight directly ahead.
It's most likely the Salamander assault squad.
There are fourteen other players even further away.
I believe they're the Sylph and
Cait Sith conference attendees.
The two parties will make contact in fifty seconds.
Seems like we didn't make it.
Thanks for your help, Kirito-kun. This is far enough.
You go to Yggdrasil.
I'll save Sakuya alone.
While it didn't last long, I had fun.
I hope we can meet again someday.
I'm not the kind of guy who'd give up here.
Huh?
Why are the Salamanders...
Sheathe your weapons, all of you!
Who's he?
Sakuya.
Leafa!
Why are you here?
It's a bit hard to explain.
But what I can tell you is that our fate lies in his hands.
What in the world...
I'd like to speak with your commander.
What's a Spriggan like you doing here?
Regardless of what you say,
I'm still going to kill you all.
But as a reward for your bravery,
I'll hear what you have to say.
My name is Kirito, and I'm an ambassador
for the Spriggan-Undine alliance.
Since you intend to attack this conference,
can I assume that you're looking to start
a full-fledged war against all four races?
The Undines allied with the Spriggans, you say?
And you, who lacks even a proper
escort, are their ambassador?
Yeah, that's right.
My purpose here is to negotiate trading
between the Sylphs and Cait Siths.
However, if you decide to disrupt this
conference, we'll have to escalate matters.
Our four races would unite against the Salamanders.
I find it hard to believe the words of a
lone man with such humble equipment.
If you can withstand my attacks for thirty
seconds, I'll believe that you're an ambassador.
Why, how generous of you.
This won't end well.
Huh?
That Salamander's two-handed sword...
It's the Demon Sword Gram.
Allegedly, you need a two-handed
wielding skill of at least 950 to equip it.
A-At least 950?!
Yes.
And since he's wielding it, he must
be none other than General Eugene.
Have you heard of him?
J-Just the name.
He's the younger brother of the
Salamander leader, Mortimer.
This seems to be the case in real life too.
He has brawn to match his brother's brain.
In terms of pure fighting ability, he's said
to be the strongest player in the game.
The strongest player in the game?
Kirito-kun...
What was that?!
The Demon Sword Gram has an
extra effect called "Ethereal Shift",
which allows it to phase through any
swords or shields you try to block it with.
That's completely overpowered!
Oh? I'm surprised you're still alive.
What the hell was that last attack?
This is bad.
Hey, hasn't it been thirty seconds already?
Sorry, but I've decided to kill you.
Now it's a fight to the death.
You bastard...
I'll make it your funeral!
This doesn't look good.
While they appear equally matched, their
weapons are on completely different levels.
Even so...
Even so, if it's Kirito-kun...
What's going on?
I'll be borrowing this for a bit.
K-Kirito-kun?
Trying to stall for time, are you?!
He's gone!
Did he just run away?
He'd never!
I'll never let anyone in my party
die as long as I'm standing.
Kirito-kun would never run away.
Kirito-kun!
Begone!
Marvelous! Simply marvelous!
Awesome! Nice fighting!
Damn, he's good.
Can't top that.
You have remarkable skills.
You're the strongest player
I've ever seen. Undoubtedly.
Thanks for the compliment.
To think the Spriggans had a fighter of your caliber...
The world's larger than I thought.
So now do you believe what I said earlier?
Gene-san, mind if I interrupt?
Kagemune? What is it?
He's the guy from...
I wouldn't want to face you one-on-one either.
I'm sure you're aware by now that
my party was wiped out yesterday.
Yeah.
The one responsible was none
other than this Spriggan...
I also recall that there was an Undine with him.
I see.
Let's leave it at that.
Certainly, neither our leader nor I wish to antagonize
the Spriggans or Undines at the moment.
We'll take our leave here.
But we shall have another duel in the future.
I'll be looking forward to it.
Looks like there are reasonable people
even amongst the Salamanders.
You're really too much of a daredevil.
I get that a lot.
Sorry to interrupt, but we'd
like an explanation for all this.
So that's how it is.
I did notice that Sigurd has been suppressing
much dissatisfaction as of late.
Dissatisfaction?
With what?
He... probably couldn't accept it.
The fact that we're playing second fiddle
to the Salamanders in terms of power.
Sigurd is a man with a thirst for power, after all.
And that's not limited to character stats or abilities.
He earnestly sought after authority as a player as well.
But even so, why would he become
a spy for the Salamanders?
Have you heard of the upcoming v5.0 update?
It's rumored to include the
long-absent reincarnation system.
Then...
Mortimer probably cut him a deal:
If he offered my life to them, he'd be
reincarnated as a Salamander.
So what will you do, Sakuya?
Lou, you've been leveling up
your dark magic skills, right?
Mhm.
Please link me to Sigurd via Moonlight Mirror.
Sigurd.
S-Sakuya?
Yes, it's me.
Unfortunately for you, I'm still alive.
How—
I-I mean, h-how was the conference?
It ended without incident.
We've yet to sign the treaty though.
Oh, right. We had an unexpected guest.
G-Guest?
General Eugene gives you his regards.
Leafa?
I see now.
Those incompetent lizards...
So, what are you going to do, Sakuya?
Fine me?
Or drive me out of the government?
But you see, if I, the leader of the army, were to be
dismissed, your political power would suffer too.
No.
Since you can't stand to remain as a Sylph,
I've decided to grant your wish.
Wh-What?
You...
Are you out of your mind?!
You're... You're banishing me?
That's right.
Wander the Neutral Region as a renegade.
I pray that someday you'll find a new
source of entertainment there.
Why you...
Sakuya?
You have my thanks, Leafa.
I'm very glad that you came to our rescue.
I didn't do anything though.
If you want to thank someone,
save it for Kirito-kun here.
That's right.
Who are you exactly?
Say...
The whole ambassador for the
Spriggans and Undines bit...
Was that true?
Naturally, it was all bull.
A bluff, a lie, a negotiation!
You're quite the reckless man.
To whip up such a scheme in that situation...
When I'm dealt a bad hand, I like
to raise the stakes for starters.
For a real fraud, you're pretty strong.
Are you the Spriggans' secret weapon... or something?
'Course not.
I'm just a humble mercenary passing by.
If you're free, why don't you
come work for the Cait Siths?
We offer three meals, snacks,
and even afternoon naps.
"Kirito-kun," was it?
Why don't we have a drink in Swilvane,
both as a token of my appreciation and
an opportunity to become acquainted?
Hey—
Oh, that's not fair, Sakuya-chan!
Using sex appeal is against the rules.
As if you're not doing the same thing!
You're just all over him.
That's enough!
Kirito-kun is my—
My...
Um... He's my...
While I do appreciate the offers...
I'm sorry, I asked her to show me the way to Yggdrasil.
Oh?
I see. That's a shame.
You're going to Alne, Leafa?
For sightseeing, maybe?
Or are you...
I'm abandoning our territory...
or at least, that was the plan.
I'll definitely come back to Swilvane,
but I just don't know when.
I see. I'm relieved to hear that.
Be sure to do just that.
And bring him along too.
Stop by at our place on the way back.
We'll give you a big welcome.
Thank you so much for today, Leafa, Kirito-kun.
If we had been killed, the gap between us and the
Salamanders would likely have become decisive.
I'd like to thank you somehow.
No, it's fine.
Say, Sakuya, Alicia-san, this alliance is
for the sake of clearing Yggdrasil, right?
Yes, well... That's our ultimate goal.
We'd like to accompany you for that raid.
And as soon as possible.
We don't mind if you do.
In fact, I'd be grateful for that.
But why are you in such a hurry?
I came to this world in order
to reach the top of Yggdrasil.
So I can meet someone whom I think is there.
Is that someone Fairy King Oberon?
No, not him...
I think.
I can't contact that person in the real world.
But I have to meet them, no matter what.
Still, preparing the equipment for everyone
in the raid party is going to take some time.
A day or two really wouldn't be enough.
I see.
I guess that's to be expected.
Well, for now I'm only planning
to get to the base of the tree,
so I can take it from there somehow.
Oh, that reminds me.
If you don't mind, please top off your funds with this.
S-Sakuya-chan, look!
This many 100,000 Yrd mithril coins?!
Are you sure?
It's enough to build a small castle anywhere you'd like.
I don't mind.
It's of no use to me now.
With this much, we should be pretty
close to the amount we're aiming for!
We'll arm ourselves as fast as possible.
Once we're ready, we'll be sure to let you know.
I leave it to you.
Thanks! See you later!
It feels like everything that
just happened was a dream.
Honestly...
I told you not to cheat, Papa.
Wh-What are you talking about?
When those two were clinging
onto you, your heart was pounding.
W-Well, that's normal for a guy.
Jeez.
H-Hey, Yui-chan.
Am I not a problem?
It seems like you're fine.
Wh-Why?
You don't really seem like a girl, that's all.
Hey, wha—
What do you mean by that?!
W-Well, in other words, you're easy to get along with.
In a good way! Yep.
Now, forget that. Let's hurry over to Alne!
It's getting dark!
Hey! Wait up!
8, 11, 3, 2, 3, 2, 9.
Kirito-kun, I'll do my best.
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara
My endless feelings are lost
tomedonai omoi wa
in these ordinary days.
nichijou ni nomarete
They waver and change shape yet again.
yurameki nagara mata katachi wo kaeteitta
I wonder if I'm too late,
imasara mou osoi kana
but there's no answer in sight.
henji mo nai jimonjitou
Every decision is up to me,
subete wa sou jibun shidai
whether it's the beginning or the end.
owari mo hajimari mo
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands.
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
Flying towards the gentle light, I flap my wings.
yasashii hikari wo mezashite habatakuyo
I embrace the passion
kokoro ni tomoshita
that flared up in my heart
jounetsu mo daite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara